PostgreSQL krw2146 (password: 618771) proj1part2
(source .virtualenvs/indeepo/bin/activate)

NEED URL FOR DATABASE

The user of the database can achieve functionality as either a student, a school or a filmmaker. A prospective student is able to login using their student id and gain access to all of their personal info, the information about the school they attend and the chance to view all of the roles they have been a part of in the past. Once logged in, a student can access the role finder, where they can look for all roles, or roles of a specific type and see all of the unique information relevant to each role. From this student view, a user is also able to register a student and choose from the list of available schools in the database, A school is able to achieve similar functionality, as they can login with their school id and view all of the information about that school. The logged in user as a school can view all of the students that attend that school, as well as all of the films (past and present) affiliated with the school. From the school view page, a user is able to register a new school. A filmmaker is able to login using their film id and gain access to all of the information relevant to that film. The filmmaker, once logged in, can add new roles to the film and is able to select which type of role they are adding, since different roles require different information. The filmmaker also gains access to a list of students, as well as their information, that attend the school at which the film is being made. The filmmaker is also then able to assign a student to a role, which a student can see in the roles they have been a part of once it is added. All of the registration forms redirect the user to a page where they are then logged in as that student, school or film. Although there is no direct algorithm for matching students with roles, both students and roles have ample resources and convenient displays that offer options to them for either finding a role in a film or finding students for a particular role or film. The web page allows access to all components of the database that were included in part 2. 

The role finder is definitely one of the more interesting pages. Since different role types both share common attributes but also have their own unique set of attributes, displaying them in a uniform manner proved to be somewhat challenging. By utilizing several different functions in server.py and a comprehensive display, each type of role was able to take on its own unique and informative appearance on the web page. The writing of unique queries for each type of role as well as the creative means of only displaying one type at a time we thought was a fascinating functionality. 
The other feature, which goes hand in hand with the first was the role creator in the filmmaker page. Not only did a role tuple need to be added to the role table, but it also needed to be added to one of the subcategory tables so that it had the same role id and was able to prompt for and insert with the special attributes of each role type. The function in server.py had to insert into the role table, then the subcategory table, and then it also had to insert into the needs table with the corresponding film id. One click resulted in three insertions into the databases, which we thought was quite incredible. The register student did a similar thing, where it would also need to insert into the attends table, and make sure that if the insertion into the attends table didnt work, it deleted the student, since it was a requirement that every student attend a school. 

All usages of AI in the project have comments in the code, with something such as: 
USED AI FOR THIS FUNCTIONALITY or USED AI TO HELP FIX THIS ISSUE
above portions of code that we used AI to help us with. 

Here is an overview of the functionalities or issues we resolved with the assistance of AI: We used a few drop down menus which we learned how to create with AI, as well as the ability to automatically get all of the schools in the databases before having to login, which required the use of a context processor. For some of the drop down menus, and things such as displaying the school name but having their respective school id submitted, we used AI to be able to use hidden variables, since there needed to be some javascript we did not know how to write. Additionally, there was an issue with submitting a new role, which we discovered was due to the extensive number of things that needed to happen which delayed its insertion. We used AI to write some javascript that would eliminate such a lengthy request was completed. Finally, we used AI for some of the code found in styles.css to make the format and appearance of the page better. 
